README.md, before:

# stati

Rust library for progress bars

## WARNING

currently very unfinished, semi-undocumented, and requires nightly rust to build,
as it is still very much in development.

## Installation

Add this line to your `Cargo.toml`

```toml
stati = "0.6.5-beta"
```

## Usage

This is a simple example of how to create and progress a progress bar

```rust
use std::thread;

extern crate stati;

use stati::prelude::*;

let mut manager = BarManager::new();
let mut bar = manager.register_bar(bars::SimpleBar::new("Working...".into(), ()));
for i in 0..=100 {
    bar.set_progress(i);
    manager.print();
    thread::sleep_ms(100);
}
```

To print text while using a progress bar, use the `println` and `print` macros like so

```rust
let mut manager = BarManager::new();
stati::println!(manager, "Made some progress");
```

## Why?

Many progress bars that I have used in the past
have suffered from issues such as not being able to have
multiple bars at once, or not being able to print other messages
while a bar was running. this crate aims to solve all of these issues,
and generaly make it much nicer to use.

## Lisence

MIT, see [LISENCE](LICENSE)

## TODO's

- [x] add fun spini spinner wheeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeee
- [x] non-nightly support
- [ ] improve docs
- [ ] improve tests
- [ ] improve examples
- [x] add builder pattern support for making progress bars
- [ ] better iterator tracking
- [ ] multithreading?
- [ ] create bar style with string formatting like indicatif?
- [ ] update to use Vec::drain_filter once it is stableized
- [x] windows support

Commit message:

remove incorrect warning about nightly rust

README.md, after:

# stati

Rust library for progress bars

## WARNING

This crate is still in development,
and although it should be fine to use,
things may change at any time

## Installation

Add this line to your `Cargo.toml`

```toml
stati = "0.6.5-beta"
```

## Usage

This is a simple example of how to create and progress a progress bar

```rust
use std::thread;

extern crate stati;

use stati::prelude::*;

let mut manager = BarManager::new();
let mut bar = manager.register_bar(bars::SimpleBar::new("Working...".into(), ()));
for i in 0..=100 {
    bar.set_progress(i);
    manager.print();
    thread::sleep_ms(100);
}
```

To print text while using a progress bar, use the `println` and `print` macros like so

```rust
let mut manager = BarManager::new();
stati::println!(manager, "Made some progress");
```

## Why?

Many progress bars that I have used in the past
have suffered from issues such as not being able to have
multiple bars at once, or not being able to print other messages
while a bar was running. this crate aims to solve all of these issues,
and generaly make it much nicer to use.

## Lisence

MIT, see [LISENCE](LICENSE)

## TODO's

- [x] add fun spini spinner wheeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeee
- [x] non-nightly support
- [ ] improve docs
- [ ] improve tests
- [ ] improve examples
- [x] add builder pattern support for making progress bars
- [ ] better iterator tracking
- [ ] multithreading?
- [ ] create bar style with string formatting like indicatif?
- [ ] update to use Vec::drain_filter once it is stableized
- [x] windows support
